# ElevatorPitch

### Parking App
Our motivation for this app is that most, if not all, commuter students can relate to the struggle of finding parking in a time crunch. What makes it even more frustrating is blindly choosing a lot and circling around, only to find no spots available and your phone telling you your class starts in 3 minutes. This app would direct students, faculty, and staff to an open parking lot depending on if spots are open, what their first class/building is, and what type of parking pass they have. The high-level functionality of this would be an app where you could upload a schedule (class schedule or custom), and the app would use a GPS to direct you to the nearest lot according to the specifications above. Once the driver parks in that spot, the most ideal circumstance would be that there are already sensors for each parking spot that sends information to a database so that the app removes that spot from the available spots the user would have access to. With our limited resources, we may, for now, need to rely on the user to let the app know when they have occupied a parking spot. This is not optimal, as the user may not be reliable, but even with this implementation it would help students and faculty tremendously.

### "Epic" App
Our motivation for this app is that in a public health crisis with a shortage of nurses, the “Epic” app would help alleviate the pressures of their work by giving parents/guardians the means to direct access to information that they would normally rely on nurses for, along with a timetable that outlines scheduled feeding/bathing/other procedures. This app would be used by parents who want lots of info about their baby and parenting, especially children who require more attentive care. This Idea is sourced from actual nurses at Children’s Hospital-Neenah. Regarding high-level functionality, we would be pulling information that nurses already put into a database as the entry is filled, translating it into a more condensed format with accessible language. If applicable, this data will be translated into a graph or chart that represents it, as well as integrating a live webcam feature for parents to see their babies. 

### Project team communication
We will use Discord to communicate with each other. Our biweekly meetings will be scheduled for Tuesday and Thursdays at 4:40pm in Halsey.
